# v1.34.0 - Release Notes

## New features

### Experimental: Lightning protocol based Value 4 Value with LNPay.co

This release delivers experimental support for the _value for value_ monetization model with streaming Bitcoints/Satoshis.

In this monetization model, listeners can _stream_ money to podcasters as they listen to episodes, using _KeySend_ payments over the _Lightning Network_. This model was proposed by Adam Curry and Dave Jones from https://podcastindex.org.

In [v1.33.0](./v1.33.0.md) we delivered a similar feature, but integrating with an LND node.

In this version we implement support for LNPay.co (<https://lnpay.co/home/about>), a service for custodial lightning wallets.  
This service is used to hold your lightning funds and handle the payments to podcasters (or any node configured in the podcast's value block).

#### Pre-requisites

In order to use this feature, you will need to: 
1. sign-up to LNPay.co (https://lnpay.co/home/signup), 
2. create a wallet,
3. configure your _Public API Key_ and _Wallet Access Key_ in the options in podStation,
4. fund your wallet with some SATs balance.
  
If you are located in the USA, you should be able to fund it using Strike (<https://strike.me/strike>).  

After signing up and logging in you will find your Public API Key at <https://lnpay.co/developers/dashboard>, and after creating a wallet you will find its access key in the wallet's detail.

#### How to enable it?

1. Go to podStation's options page, in the _Lightning payments_ section, select the integration type _lnpay.co_,
2. Set the _API Key_ field with your _Public API Key_ from LNPay.co (`pak_...`),
3. Set the _Wallet Access Key_ with the _Wallet Invoice_ access key (`waki_...`, _Wallet Admin_ also works, but _Invoice_ has less priviledges),
4. Save your changes and use the button _Test LNPay connection_ to check if the integration is working.

#### How to know if it is really working?

Currently there is no UI where the user can inspect what is happening, the only way to get any feedback (aside from inspecting the transfers and logs of your LND node), is to inspect the logs of podStation's background page.

To do so, go to <chrome://extensions/> and click on the details of podStation, look for _Inspect views_ and click on the `background.html` view, then check the console. There, when playing value enabled podcasts, you should see either success or error messages for the payment.

#### Limitations

As as explained in the release notes for v1.33.0, the funds to be transferred are cummulated in only in memory, so if they are not successfully transferred, they will be lost when podStation's background page is unloaded.

#### Disclaimer

This solution is very experimental. Only put in your wallet funds you are willing to lose (although that should not happen).

Consider enabling the test mode first and inspecting the logs for the payments that _would have been sent_, and check if the values are ok, before you use it for real. If possible, connect it with a node that only has funds you can spare.

#### Special Thanks

Special thanks go to Dave Jones (<https://podcastindex.social/@dave>) for providing me some Sats for testing, and Tim (<https://twitter.com/BootstrapBandit>) for answering my questions about LNPay.
